h1. rah_beacon

A "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern,com plugin for creating dynamic Textpattern tags, beacons, using Form partials. This plugin allows calling forms, by their name, as tags.

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_beacon's at minimum requires:

Textpattern 4.6.0-dev.

h2. Installing

Using "Composer":http://getcomposer.org:

bc. $ composer require rah/rah_beacon:*@dev

h2. Basics

Rah_beacon allows you too call Textpattern's normal "Form partials":http://www.textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=Forms by their name as tags, making your templates cleaner and also adding the ability to pass "variables":http://www.textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=variable via attributes to forms.

Let's say you have form named @header@, generating a standard header section your website. Normally calling adding this form to your pages would involve using the "output_form":http://www.textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=output_form tag:

bc. <txp:output_form form="header" />

This isn't very neat looking and neither allows you to pass attributes to the form; you could set variables before calling the form, but that requires multiple lines of code and those variables are not private to the form will leak and conflict with rest of the page. Add in rah_beacon and that same call becomes:

bc. <txp:header />

And you can set any number of attributes which then can be accessed within the form as variables:

bc. <txp:header title="My custom page title" class="custom-class" />

h3. Attributes and form-specific variables

All dynamic Textpattern tags can contain any number of attributes that will create matching variables that are private to the called form. Take a call like:

bc. <txp:copyright holder="John Doe" year="2012" />

Within the @copyright@ form the attributes can be accessed with the "variable":http://www.textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=variable tag:

bc. <p class="copyright">&copy; <txp:variable name="year" /> <txp:variable name="holder" /></p>

In case the attributes are optional, defaults can be created by placing a @rah_beacon_atts@ tag within the form partial:

bc.. <txp:rah_beacon_atts holder='<txp:site_name />' year='<txp:php> echo date("y"); </txp:php>' />

<p class="copyright">&copy; <txp:variable name="year" /> <txp:variable name="holder" /></p>

p. And now any of the attributes can be omitted and the default will be used instead:

bc. <txp:copyright holder="John Doe" />

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.1.0 - upcoming

* Initial release.
